Hello and welcome to the Knox video training series.
In this video, you'll learn how to get started with the Knox Manage new console.
Let's jump right in.
Knox Manage is a cloud-based Enterprise Mobility Management solution, or EMM,
that lets you remotely manage your device fleet's apps and settings.
The Knox Manage new console provides a familiar,
yet much more streamlined user experience compared to the original console,
making it easier for IT admins to set up and manage their device fleet with fewer steps.
Before you can use the Knox Manage new console,
you'll need to have a Samsung Knox account.
If you do not already have an account,
please go to Samsungknox.com and click GET STARTED to sign up before proceeding.
You'll also need compatible devices.
Please see the supported device list at samsungknox.com for a complete list of devices supported by Knox Manage.
To use the new console, you'll have to enable it in the Knox Admin Portal settings.
To do this, click your account icon in the top right corner, then click Settings.
Under KNOX MANAGE, click GENERAL SETTINGS.
Select New console, then click SAVE.
If you want to switch back to the Knox Manage Original console,
you can do so by repeating the same steps, and selecting the original console option.
The first thing you should do in the Knox Manage new console is create a user.
Users in this context are the users of the devices,
and not users of the Knox Manage console itself.
Let's start by going to the Users page from the left navigation pane.
If it’s your first time using Knox Manage, this page will be empty.
Click ADD USER.
On the following page, enter a user ID and password, then fill out the user’s information.
Next, you’ll need to assign this user to a group.
You can either assign the user to an existing group, or create a new group if one doesn’t exist.
Let’s create a new group by clicking CREATE GROUP.
In the dialog, enter a group name, then click CREATE.
Confirm that your new group is selected in the drop down, then click CREATE.
Back on the Users page, you’ll see a list of every user in your organization.
Groups help keep your users organized,
and are required in order to apply applications and profiles to your devices.
After you create your users, you may want to also create additional groups in Knox Manage.
While you can create groups during the initial user creation process,
you may find it more efficient to create new groups directly from the Groups page.
For some larger organizations, this is especially helpful if you have users in different regions.
Let’s say you have users in Canada and the United States.
You can create two groups, one for each country respectively.
Then, if you want to manage devices for both regions at the same time,
you can easily create a new North America group.
To do this, click CREATE GROUP. On the next page, give your group a name,
then select the users you want to add from each region, then click CREATE.
Back on the Groups page, you'll see a list of all Groups in the system.
A key feature of Knox Manage is the ability to control which applications your devices have access to.
IT admins can specify which apps can be installed, which apps are restricted,
and whether or not apps can be removed by the user.
Let's add our first app by going to the App library page, then clicking ADD APP.
Search for the app you want to add, then click Select. In our example, we'll add the Knox Capture app to our devices.
Next, review or update the app details, then click ADD.
Once apps are added to the library, they can be assigned to your devices.
Select the apps you want to assign, then click ACTIONS, followed by Assign app(s).
On the following page, configure your app preferences, then click NEXT.
Select the groups you want to assign the app to, then click NEXT.
Review your app assignment details, then click ASSIGN.
You can also assign apps to groups directly from the Groups page. To do this, select one or more groups,
then click ACTION, Assign app.
Select the apps you want to add, then click NEXT.
On the next screen, review your app settings, click NEXT, then click ASSIGN.
Policies allow you to control how a device functions.
For example, with a policy, you can block users from using the camera,
prevent them from performing a device factory reset, and more.
Profiles are a collection of policies that you apply to a group of devices.
In order to set a policy, you must first create a profile.
To create your first profile, go to the Profiles page, then click CREATE PROFILE.
On the following page, give your profile a name, then click NEXT.
Choose the policies you want to add to this profile.
In our example, we’ll create a policy that prevents the camera from being used.
Give your policy a unique name, and click NEXT.
To assign the profile to a group, click CREATE AND ASSIGN.
Then, select a group, then click ASSIGN AND PUSH PROFILE.
All users in that group should receive a policy update on their devices,
which in our current example,
should result in the camera being disabled.
Now that you've created users, groups, and profiles, and added and assigned apps,
you're ready to enroll devices into Knox Manage.
To start the enrollment process, go to the Users page, select the user,
then click ACTIONS, Send enrollment guide.
An email will get sent to the user with detailed instructions and an enrollment QR code.
On the device side, users simply need to turn on their new or factory-reset device,
then on the start screen, tap Welcome several times to launch the camera.
After scanning the enrollment QR code with their camera and following the setup wizard,
they will be asked to sign in to Knox Manage.
Once they sign in and the enrollment process completes,
they should see any apps you added, and receive any policies you set.
In our case, we can see Knox Capture installed,
and the camera disabled.
Once enrollment completes, you can manage the device directly from the Devices page.
Click a device name to review its current configuration,
or select a device, then click the ACTIONS button to perform tasks like locking a device,
exiting kiosk mode, and more.
This concludes our video on getting started with the Knox Manage new console.
To learn more about everything covered in this video,
please visit our Knox Manage documentation at docs.samsungknox.com.
Thanks for watching!